[word] (Requirement Sets) Splitting Word requirement set pages (#1185)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/reference/requirement-sets/word-api-1-2-requirement-set.md

---
title: Word JavaScript API requirement set 1.2
description: 'Details about the WordApi 1.2 requirement set'
ms.date: 07/17/2019
ms.prod: word
localization_priority: Normal
---

# What's new in Word JavaScript API 1.2

> WordApi added support for inline pictures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WordApi 1.2 added support for inline pictures.
```

> ## API List

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## API list
```

> The following is a complete list of APIs added as part of the WordApi 1.2 requirement set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists the APIs added as part of the WordApi 1.2 requirement set.
```
